=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

True::Truth - merge multiple versions of truth into one

=head1 VERSION

version 0.9

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Quick summary of what the module does.

Perhaps a little code snippet.

    use True::Truth;

    my $foo = True::Truth->new();
    ...

=head1 NAME

True::Truth - The one True::Truth!

=head1 VERSION

Version 0.8.8.8.8.8

=head1 FUNCTIONS

=head2 add_true_truth

needs docs

=head2 add_pending_truth

needs docs

=head2 persist_pending_truth

needs docs

=head2 remove_pending_truth

needs docs

=head2 get_true_truth

needs docs

=head2 merge

needs docs

=head1 AUTHOR

Lenz Gschwendtner, C<< <norbu09 at cpan.org> >>

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests to C<bug-true-truth at rt.cpan.org>, or through
the web interface at L<http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/ReportBug.html?Queue=True-Truth>.  I will be notified, and then you'll
automatically be notified of progress on your bug as I make changes.

=head1 SUPPORT

You can find documentation for this module with the perldoc command.

    perldoc True::Truth

You can also look for information at:

=over 4

=item * RT: CPAN's request tracker (report bugs here)

L<http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/Bugs.html?Dist=True-Truth>

=item * AnnoCPAN: Annotated CPAN documentation

L<http://annocpan.org/dist/True-Truth>

=item * CPAN Ratings

L<http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/True-Truth>

=item * Search CPAN

L<http://search.cpan.org/dist/True-Truth/>

=back

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2012 Lenz Gschwendtner.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of either: the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; or the Artistic License.

See http://dev.perl.org/licenses/ for more information.

=head1 AUTHOR

Lenz Gschwendtner <mail@norbu09.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2014 by ideegeo Group Limited.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
